Add Unicode escape sequence scenario to CS1012 error documentation (#47962)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/misc/cs1012.md

Too many characters in character literal  
  
 An attempt was made to initialize a [char](../language-reference/builtin-types/char.md) constant with more than one character.

>  CS1012 can also occur when using Unicode escape sequences that exceed the UTF-16 range. A character literal represents a single character as a UTF-16 code unit, so Unicode values greater than 0xFFFF (65535) aren't valid in character literals.
>   
>  CS1012 can also occur when doing data binding. For example the following line will give an error:  

Reviewer: Content edit:

```suggestion
   
 CS1012 can occur when doing data binding. CS1012 can also occur when using Unicode escape sequences that exceed the UTF-16 range. A character literal represents a single character as a UTF-16 code unit, so Unicode values greater than 0xFFFF (65535) aren't valid in character literals. For example the following code gives an error:  
```

Too many characters in character literal  
  

>  An attempt was made to initialize a [char](../language-reference/builtin-types/char.md) constant with more than one character.
>  CS1012 can occur when doing data binding. CS1012 can also occur when using Unicode escape sequences that exceed the UTF-16 range. A character literal represents a single character as a UTF-16 code unit, so Unicode values greater than 0xFFFF (65535) aren't valid in character literals. For example the following code gives an error:  

Reviewer: combine paragraphs:

```suggestion
 An attempt was made to initialize a [char](../language-reference/builtin-types/char.md) constant with more than one character. CS1012 can occur when doing data binding. CS1012 can also occur when using Unicode escape sequences that exceed the UTF-16 range. A character literal represents a single character as a UTF-16 code unit, so Unicode values greater than 0xFFFF (65535) aren't valid in character literals. For example the following code gives an error:  
```
